Task: 

1. Read the text carefully!
2. Write a short text on how organ transplantation (dead donation and living donation) should be regulated according to your opinion! Give reasons!
3. Acquaint yourself with knowledge about the legal regulations on organ transplantation in Germany!

Content:

1.1 This report focus on donation of organ for medical treatment or research.

"source" -> donor of the material

"need" -> seeking health, or better health than present.

more issues desides organ donation:
1. bodily material which has potential 
2. many purposes for which they can be used
3. relationship inbetween donor and recipient
4. role of organisations


//Scope of human bodily material and use
1. blood and blood products
2. solid organ
3. tissue(bone, skin...)
4. material related to reproduction
5. living body for medical purpose
6. dead body for education, training or research

BLOOD: red cells, white cells, platelets, plasma
separate part of blood used separately.

STEM CELL: embryonic or adult stem cells
embryonic cells are unspecialised, while adult cells are not
adult cells are derived from bone marrow or cord blood

transplantation of blood stem cell: only use of adult stem cell

WHOLE ORGAN: 
living donation is usually directed while strange donation is also permitted

TISSUE:
rules similar to organs: it enters a common pool to be used according to need and its use cannot be directed to a particular individual.

Bodily material collected in health care intervention: stored with consent of patient, can be used for research(legal ethical approval is needed) 

GAMETE/EMBRYOS: donation can be directly or unknown with the category of recipient.
retrieve eggs after death or from aborted fetus is banned

PRODUCTION of CONCEPTION AND BIRTH: fetal material, etc. 
ESCs: embryonic stem cell

BREAST MILK:
SURROGACY: temporary use of one's womb for another woman or couple, 
in UK, the surrogate mother is the legal mother of the resulting child.

WHOLE BODY DURING LIFE: test the safety of new medicine

WHOLE BODY AFTER DEATH

// transaction involving human bodily material
"transaction": conduct an exchange involving bodily material, and usually involving a complex chain of intermediaries.

